[docker-worker] Allow disabling features at the worker level. (#3326)
taskcluster/taskcluster: changelog/disable-features.md

audience: users
level: minor
reference: bug 1623749
---

> Allow disabling docker-worker features at the in the worker config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docker-worker now allows features to be disabled in the worker config.
```
